[IAC-1753] CIS deployment guide: VPC updates (#411)
gruntwork-io/gruntwork-io.github.io: _posts/2019-10-17-how-to-achieve-cis-benchmark-compliance.adoc

3.5,<<aws_config>>,Enable AWS Config for all regions
3.6-3.7,<<cloudtrail>>,Use the Gruntwork CloudTrail wrapper module
3.8,<<kms>>,Use the KMS module

> 3.9,<<vpc_flow_logs>>,Gruntwork's `vpc` service enables flow logs by default

Reviewer: NIT: (this is to match the language of the other entries in this table)

```suggestion
3.9,<<vpc_flow_logs>>,Use the Gruntwork CIS-compliant `vpc` service to provision VPCs with flow logs enabled
```

3.10-3.11,<<cloudtrail>>,Use the Gruntwork CloudTrail wrapper module
4.1-4.15,<<configure_monitoring>>,The CloudWatch Logs metrics filters wrapper module will satisfy each recommendation

> 5.1,<<configure_networking>>,Use the Gruntwork `vpc` service to ensure there is no public remote access
> 5.2,<<configure_networking>>,Use the Gruntwork `vpc` service for a secure network configuration
> 5.3,<<configure_networking>>,The `cloud-nuke` tool can remove all default security groups
> 5.4,<<configure_networking>>,Gruntwork's `vpc` service creates least-privilege routing by default

Reviewer: NIT: (this is to match the language of the other entries in this table)

```suggestion
5.1,<<configure_networking>>,Use the Gruntwork CIS-compliant `vpc` service to ensure there is no public remote access
5.2,<<configure_networking>>,Use the Gruntwork CIS-compliant `vpc` service for a secure network configuration
5.3,<<configure_networking>>,Use the `cloud-nuke` tool to remove all default security groups
5.4,<<configure_networking>>,Use the Gruntwork CIS-compliant `vpc` service to configure least-privilege routing by default
```
